Minor additions to the docs (#594)
onflow/cadence: docs/language/composite-types.mdx

// Declare a constant for an array of resources.
// Create two resources and move them into the array.
//

> let resources: @[R] <- [

Reviewer: The type annotation isn't necessary here, the type of the declaration can be inferred from the value.
In the other examples I used something like this below the declaration: 

```
// `resources` has type `@[R]`
```

Resources have an implicit unique identifier associated with them,
implemented by a predeclared public field `let uuid: UInt64` on each resource.

> This identifier will be automatically set when the resource is created (before the resources `init` function is called),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This identifier will be automatically set when the resource is created, before the resource's initializer is called
(i.e. the identifier can be used in the initializer),
```
